# Privacy Policy

**Last updated: June 23, 2024**

This Privacy Policy describes our policies and procedures on the collection, use, and disclosure of your information when you use the Service and tells you about your privacy rights and how the law protects you.

We use your personal data to provide and improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

## Interpretation and Definitions

### Interpretation
The words of which the initial letter is capitalized have meanings defined under the following conditions. The following definitions shall have the same meaning regardless of whether they appear in singular or in plural.

### Definitions
For the purposes of this Privacy Policy:

- **Account** means a unique account created for you to access our Service or parts of our Service.
- **Application** refers to Estrito, the software program provided by the Company.
- **Company** (referred to as either "the Company", "We", "Us" or "Our" in this Agreement) refers to Estrito.
- **Country** refers to: Brazil
- **Personal Data** is any information that relates to an identified or identifiable individual.
- **Service** refers to the Application.
- **Usage Data** refers to data collected automatically, either generated by the use of the Service or from the Service infrastructure itself (for example, the duration of a page visit).
- **You** means the individual accessing or using the Service, or the company, or other legal entity on behalf of which such individual is accessing or using the Service, as applicable.

## Collecting and Using Your Personal Data

### Types of Data Collected

#### Personal Data
While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to:

- Email address
- Account ID

#### Usage Data
Usage Data is optionally collected when using the Service.

### Use of Your Personal Data
The Company may use Personal Data for the following purposes:

- **To provide and maintain our Service**, including to monitor the usage of our Service.
- **To manage Your Account:** to manage your registration as a user of the Service. The Personal Data you provide can give you access to different functionalities of the Service that are available to you as a registered user.
- **To contact You:** To contact you by email regarding updates or informative communications related to the functionalities, products or contracted services, including the security updates, when necessary or reasonable for their implementation.

## Security of Your Personal Data
The security of Your Personal Data is important to Us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect Your Personal Data, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

## Changes to this Privacy Policy
We may update Our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify You of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

## Contact Us
If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, you can contact us:

- By email: support@estrito.com
